feat(banner): added support/docs for status icons and text (#5075)
patternfly/patternfly: src/patternfly/components/Banner/examples/Banner.md

  disabled link</a>
{{/banner}}
<br>
{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-blue"}}
  Blue banner with an 
  {{#> button button--modifier="pf-m-inline pf-m-link"}}
    inline link button
  {{/button}}
{{/banner}}
<br>
{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-gold"}}
  Gold banner with an 
  {{#> button-link button-link--attribute='href="https://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20-TECHS/ARIA8.html#ARIA8-examples"' button-link--modifier="pf-m-inline pf-m-link"}}
  inline link button (anchor){{/button-link}}
{{/banner}}
<br>
{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-red"}}
  Red banner with a 
  {{#> button button--modifier="pf-m-link pf-m-inline" button--attribute="disabled"}}
    disabled inline link button
  {{/button}}
{{/banner}}
```

### Status
When a banner is used to convey status, it is advised to add an icon that also conveys status visually, and to provide screen reader text using ` .pf-screen-reader ` or an equivalent.

```hbs
{{#> banner}}

>   {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-space-items-xs"}}

Reviewer: Hmm... after looking at this in the PR, I think `sm` spacer would work better.

```suggestion
  {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-space-items-sm"}}
```

Before:
<img width="388" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-09 at 5 54 55 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35148959/189456207-4bc53e97-eda5-45ad-b518-e1fa398a83a9.png">

After:
<img width="486" alt="Screen Shot 2022-09-09 at 5 54 46 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35148959/189456217-859084cf-34e2-4efb-8b9f-0888787a7fdc.png">

      Info banner
    {{/l-flex-item}}
  {{/l-flex}}
{{/banner}}

<br>

{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-red"}}
  {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-space-items-xs"}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      {{#> screen-reader}}Danger banner:{{/screen-reader}}
      <i class="fas fa-exclamation-circle" aria-hidden="true"></i>
    {{/l-flex-item}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      Danger banner
    {{/l-flex-item}}
  {{/l-flex}}
{{/banner}}

<br>

{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-green"}}
  {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-space-items-xs"}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      {{#> screen-reader}}Success banner:{{/screen-reader}}
      <i class="fas fa-check-circle" aria-hidden="true"></i>
    {{/l-flex-item}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      Success banner
    {{/l-flex-item}}
  {{/l-flex}}
{{/banner}}

<br>

{{#> banner banner--modifier="pf-m-gold"}}
  {{#> l-flex l-flex--modifier="pf-m-space-items-xs"}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      {{#> screen-reader}}Warning banner:{{/screen-reader}}
      <i class="fas fa-exclamation-triangle" aria-hidden="true"></i>
    {{/l-flex-item}}
    {{#> l-flex-item}}
      Warning banner
    {{/l-flex-item}}
  {{/l-flex}}
{{/banner}}
```

## Documentation

> Add a modifier class to the default banner to change the presentation: `.pf-m-info`, `.pf-m-danger`, `.pf-m-success`, or `.pf-m-warning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a modifier class to the default banner to change the presentation: `.pf-m-blue`, `.pf-m-red`, `.pf-m-green`, or `.pf-m-gold`.
```
